I'm pleased to say I'm joined by NAACP
president and CEO Derek Johnson joins us
live now from Washington DC Mr Johnson
welcome to Al deser it's good to have
you with us uh now the NAACP very well
known as a Civil Rights group in the
United States not known to for into
foreign policy so what's Driven
this well we are beginning to see the
impact of the GL global conflict here
domestically are we see the increase in
racial attacks against African Americans
increase in anti-semetic Behavior
increase in
anti-islamic uh uh presence and that is
troubling it's also troubling when you
we're leading into the November election
where we need to truly focus in on what
would be the state of democracy of
moving forward for nacp we really are
concerned with the quality of this
democracy to ensure that we are leading
democracy and wherever possible we can
advocate for a peaceful agreements when
conflicts are having a domestic impact
yes because we have a situation here
where you have the US Administration
calling for the ceasefire on one hand on
and on the other of course is sending in
arms that perpetuate the
conflict well our concern is in this
moment we have so many civilians who've
been impacted and we want to see the the
death of young children uh no longer be
the case the hostages must be released
we have to get the parties to the table
to begin to talk about a way forward
that's peaceful so that we can heal from
this moment it is unfortunate uh what we
have seen uh none of this should have
taken place but now we can have a
solution and that solution is forcing
the parties to the table to come up with
a peaceful solution how much harder do
you think Joe Biden has made it for
himself to be reelected over this
issue well I'm not going to go into his
electability I am going to talk about
the African-American communities and the
concerns that's been expressed and those
concerns are how do we get to a place
where uh we can see peace in this
conflict and our voters here could begin
to focus on what's important the worst
thing that can happen in the November
election is we have someone with white
supremacist sympathies and if that
happens in that white house the
African-American Community will be under
attack the Jewish Community will be
under attack uh the Islamic community be
under attack uh we have a United reason
to ensure that we stay focused on
November so we can protect against a
level of un lawlessness here in the
United States that we can't avoid if we
focus on what's important how much
support do you think there is generally
in the United States for your
position well I can't speak to the
United States I can say in the
African-American Community there was
Prof profound concern about what is
being uh witnessed on social media and
all of the images uh for many
African-Americans we absolutely deplored
what happened on October 7th that should
have not have happened that was a
killing of innocent Israeli lives and at
the exact same time those same
African-Americans are really upset about
what they're seeing to Children uh in
Gaza at the end of the day uh this
nation need to lead a process of
bringing people together to ensure a
peaceful resolutions so we can get about
the business of focusing on what's
important here domestically the war has
been going on for what eight months now
what is it that has pushed you to this
moment at this
point what escalation of the harm and
the civilian casualties the ongoing
views of of civilians being harmed uh
the religious community and the black
community they are they are standing up
very strong that's our base to say wait
a minute we can do this differently we
are the glow uh leading nation and we
should uh do this differently we commend
President Biden for calling for a
ceasefire now we have to put some muscle
behind that to ensure the parties get to
the table and we can come up with an
agreement Derek Johnson good to have you
with us here in aleser I appreciate that
thank you very
much thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz